Doc and config (#107)
elastic/apm-agent-ios: docs/intro.asciidoc

The Elastic APM iOS Agent uses the https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-swift[OpenTelemetry-Swift SDK].
The agent automatically traces URLSessions and provides distributed traces annotated with device information along
with your back-end services instrumented with Open-Telemetry.

The agent also captures any custom open-telemetry traces or measurements created using the OpenTelemetry-Swift API.

[float]
[[manual-instrumentation]]
=== How to add instrumentation

> This agent will configure the OpenTelementry-Swift `TracerProvider` & `MetricProvider`, and sets them as the global OpenTelemetry providers. They can be accessed through the OpenTelemetry SDK as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This agent will configure the OpenTelementry-Swift `TracerProvider` and `MetricProvider`, and set them as the global OpenTelemetry providers. They can be accessed through the OpenTelemetry SDK as follows:
```

> ```
> let tracerProvider = OpenTelemetry.instance.tracerProvider
> let meterProvider = OpenTelemetry.instance.meterProvider
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[source,swift]
----
let tracerProvider = OpenTelemetry.instance.tracerProvider
let meterProvider = OpenTelemetry.instance.meterProvider
----
```

> These objects can be used to acquire new tracers and meters that will send their captured data to the Elastic APM server. More details on how to use OpenTelemetry to instrument your app can be found in the [OpenTelemetry.io Swift manual instrumentation docs](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/instrumentation/swift/manual/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These objects can be used to acquire new tracers and meters that will send their captured data to the Elastic APM Server. More details on how to use OpenTelemetry to instrument your app can be found in the https://opentelemetry.io/docs/instrumentation/swift/manual[OpenTelemetry.io Swift manual instrumentation docs].
```

> Examples can be found in https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-swift/tree/main/Examples[opentelemetry-swift/examples]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Examples can be found in https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-swift/tree/main/Examples[opentelemetry-swift/examples].
```

[discrete]
[[additional-components]]
=== Additional components
APM Agents work in conjunction with the {apm-guide-ref}/index.html[APM Server], {ref}/index.html[{es}], and {kibana-ref}/index.html[{kib}].
The {apm-guide-ref}/index.html[APM Guide] provides details on how these components work together,
and provides a matrix outlining {apm-guide-ref}/agent-server-compatibility.html[Agent and Server compatibility].

> === Open Telemetry Components

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[discrete]
=== Open Telemetry Components
```

<img width="1239" alt="Screen Shot 2022-10-30 at 3 14 51 PM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/5618806/198904108-bc95ced0-b500-411a-a02f-c3d9592f2d00.png">

Did you mean to add this to a new page? If not, you can add the discrete tag to keep it on the "Introduction" page.

Author: gotcha!

> The iOS Agent utilizes several instrumentation libraries provided by OpenTelemetry-Swift to provide automatic instrumentation. Details on the instrumentation libraries can be found at https://opentelemetry.io/docs/instrumentation/swift/libraries/[opentelementry.io swift/libraries]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The iOS Agent utilizes several OpenTelemetry-Swift libraries to provide automatic instrumentation of your applications and services. Details about these instrumentation libraries can be found in the official https://opentelemetry.io/docs/instrumentation/swift/libraries/[opentelementry.io Swift Libraries documentation].
```

> For network instrumentation, the `NSURLSessionInstrumentation` is used. This will provide network instrumentation in the form of spans as well as distributed tracing for all downstream services also instrumented by Elastic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For network instrumentation, the agent uses `NSURLSessionInstrumentation`. This provides network instrumentation in the form of spans and enables distributed tracing for all instrumented downstream services.
```

> Detailed information on the device, operating system, and application is provided by `SDKResourceExtension`. More information on which data points are capture can be found at https://opentelemetry.io/docs/instrumentation/swift/manual/#SDKResourceExtension[opentelementry.io SDKResourceExtension]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Detailed information on the device, operating system, and application is provided by `SDKResourceExtension`. More information on which data points are captured can be found in the  https://opentelemetry.io/docs/instrumentation/swift/manual/#SDKResourceExtension[opentelementry.io SDKResourceExtension documentation].
```
